CUMULUS-3140: Update release note to include cumulus-api release (#3254)
nasa/cumulus: docs/development/release.md

  - Check the "This is a pre-release" checkbox
  - Click "Update release"

### 13. Update Cumulus API document

> There may be unreleased changes in the [Cumulus API document](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus-api) that wait on the Cumulus Core release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be unreleased changes in the [Cumulus API document](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus-api) that are waiting on the Cumulus Core release.
```
